chore: require changeset or label (#1428)
Redocly/redocly-cli: CONTRIBUTING.md

1. If you’ve fixed a bug or added code that should be tested, don't forget to add [tests](#tests)!
1. Ensure the test suite passes (see the [Tests section](#tests) for more details).
1. Format your code with prettier (`npm run prettier`).

> 1. Each feat/fix PR should also contain a changeset (to create one, run `npx changeset`; if your changes are scoped to `packages/core` but also affect Redocly CLI behavior, please include the `@redocly/cli` package as well). Please describe what you've done in this PR using sentence case (you can refer to our [changelog](https://redocly.com/docs/cli/changelog/)). This produces a file in `.changeset` folder. Please commit this file along with your changes. If the PR doesn't need a changeset, put 'No Changeset Needed' label in the PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Each feat/fix PR should also contain a changeset (to create one, run `npx changeset`; if your changes are scoped to `packages/core` but also affect Redocly CLI behavior, please include the `@redocly/cli` package as well). Please describe what you've done in this PR using sentence case (you can refer to our [changelog](https://redocly.com/docs/cli/changelog/)). This produces a file in `.changeset` folder. Please commit this file along with your changes. If the PR doesn't need a changeset (for example, it is a small change, or updates only documentation, add the 'No Changeset Needed' label to the PR.
```
